[DX-761] Improve Tyk Classic Dev Portal landing page (#3419)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/tyk-developer-portal/tyk-portal-classic.md

*   Unlike other platforms, Tyk will not auto-publish your APIs to the Portal, instead they are presented as a facade, you choose what APIs and what Policies to expose to the Portal.
*   Fully control the flow of the developer sign-up and enrollment.

> The Tyk Classic Developer Portal is less feature-rich than the Tyk Enterprise developer portal. It doesn't provide audience management, full UI customisation including custom JS insertion and custom page templates, forums and blog features, grouping APIs into API Products, and other enterprise-grade features. Still, it is perfectly suitable for primary use cases.

Author: I was sure that I had capitalised Developer Portal - so agree with that one, however API Products should be plural here, so I'll modify and commit the suggestion.

> The Tyk Classic Developer Portal is less feature-rich than the Tyk Enterprise developer portal. It doesn't provide audience management, full UI customisation including custom JS insertion and custom page templates, forums and blog features, grouping APIs into API Products, and other enterprise-grade features. Still, it is perfectly suitable for primary use cases.

Author: This appears to be a suggestion on the original text which I've replaced, so will close this one.

> The Tyk Classic Developer Portal is suitable for primary use cases, however if you want a more feature-rich experience then you should consider the [Tyk Enterprise Developer Portal]({{< ref "tyk-developer-portal/tyk-enterprise-developer-portal" >}}). This provides audience management, full UI customisation including custom JS insertion and custom page templates, forums and blog features, grouping APIs into API Products, and other enterprise-grade features.

Author: I think this comma is necessary because "other enterprise-grade features" is not related to "grouping APIs", so prefer to leave it in. This PR is only intended as a quick clean up re: terminology - one day it probably needs a re-write but not today IMHO.

{{< note success >}}
**Note**  

Support for API Blueprint is being deprecated. See [Importing APIs]({{< ref "getting-started/import-apis#api-blueprint-is-being-deprecated" >}}) for more details.
{{< /note >}}

> The Tyk Classic Developer Portal is available to Pro (On-Premises), Cloud Classic and Multi-Cloud users.

Author: ```suggestion
The Tyk Classic Developer Portal is available to Tyk Self-Managed and Tyk Cloud users.
```
